Updating the installation guide (#616)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/install-guide/index.md

> - a host application (written in Python or a .NET language) that runs quantum operations written in Q#

Reviewer: I like your suggestion, @bromeg, but may I suggest a slight tweak further?
```suggestion
- APIs for Python and .NET languages (i.e.: C#, F#, and VB.NET) for running quantum programs written in Q#
```

- tools to facilitate your development

> Q# programs are often paired with a host program written in a .NET language (typically C#) or Python. This allows us to call quantum operations from inside the classical program.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Q# programs are often paired with a host program written in a .NET language, typically C# or Python. This allows us to call quantum operations from inside a classical program.
```

Author: Without the parenthesis looks like Python is a .NET language when is not.

> Q# programs are often paired with a host program written in a .NET language (typically C#) or Python. This is useful to call quantum operations whenever we need it inside a classical code.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Q# programs are often paired with a host program written in a .NET language (typically C#) or Python. This allows us to call quantum operations from inside the classical program.
```

> In addition the QDK provides Jupyter Notebook support with the IQ# Jupyter kernel.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In addition, the QDK provides Jupyter Notebook support with the IQ# Jupyter kernel.
```

> You can choose the environment you are more comfortable with. Depending on your choice there are different installation steps. Choose your environment from the sections below:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You are free to choose whichever environment you are most comfortable with. Depending on your choice, there are different installation steps. Choose your environment from the sections below:
```

> You are free to choose whichever environment you are most comfortable with. Depending on your choice, there are different installation steps. Choose your environment from the sections below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The QDK is available for multiple development environments. Select your preferred setup from the sections below:
```

> - [Q# + Python:](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.python) choose this environment if you want to combine Python and Q# to create a Python host program that calls Q# operations whenever they are needed.

Reviewer 4: Suggest removing "whenever they're needed"

> - [Q# + Python:](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.python) choose this environment if you want to combine Python and Q# to create a Python host program that calls Q# operations whenever they are needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Install Q# for Python:](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.python) choose this environment if you want to combine Python and Q# to create a Python host program that calls Q# operations whenever they are needed.
```

Author: Since here we are listing the different environments I prefer to prescind of the "Install..." part since it's already understood by the context (we are in the installation overview page).

Reviewer 4: Having "install" is good as it helps to clarify the intent, and will perform better in search

> - [Q# + C#:](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.cs) choose this environment if you want to combine C# and Q# to create a C# host program that calls Q# operations whenever they are needed.

Reviewer 4: Suggest removing "whenever they're needed"

Reviewer 4: In all places where this phrase is used. It's not adding anything

> - [Q# + C#:](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.cs) choose this environment if you want to combine C# and Q# to create a C# host program that calls Q# operations whenever they are needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Install Q# for C#:](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.cs) choose this environment if you want to combine C# and Q# to create a C# host program that calls Q# operations whenever they are needed.
```

> - [Q# Jupyter Notebooks:](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.jupyter) this environment is great for writing Q# code with embedded explanations or quantum computing interactive tutorials. Do not choose this environment if you want to combine Q# with a classical host program.

Reviewer: I'd suggest using a positive phrasing here instead of negative, if at all possible. We may consider, for instance, instead of "do not choose this environment if you want to combine Q# with a classical host program," saying something like "this allows you to use Jupyter Notebook as your classical host program instead of having to write your own."

Author: Mmm, I also don't like the negative phrasing, but however, I think we should leave clear that you cannot write in other languages within a Q# Jupyter notebook. Sometimes a bit of negativity can avoid later confusion. For example, I can imagine people trying to mix Python and Q# in a Q# Jupyter notebook (and I can imagine that because I almost did it lol).

> - [Q# Jupyter Notebooks:](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.jupyter) this environment is great for writing Q# code with embedded explanations or quantum computing interactive tutorials. Do not choose this environment if you want to combine Q# with an external classical host program.

Reviewer 4: I would make this consistent with the Python & C# titles i.e. Q# + Jupyter notebooks, or & or for or whatever we decide on. This makes it clear that Jupyter is the execution environment, just like Python or C#, and that the Q# part is the same.

> - [Q# + C#:](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.cs) choose this environment if you want to combine C# and Q# to create hybrid quantum-classical programs.

Reviewer 3: - I'd suggest re-ordering these to have Jupyter Notebooks last, seeing as it's the odd one out
- also, while I support keeping the writing fresh and not repetitive, in this situation I think the Python and C# snippets should be nearly identical (or just tell them to pick the host language they're more comfortable with, because both can do the same things). As it is here, I'd be panicking wondering "wait, if i pick Python, will I be unable to 'create hybrid quantum-classical programs' like I could with C#?"

Author: I agree with the first point (I was thinking to change it but I forgot lol). With the second one I'm not sure. If I worded differently is because, as I understood, there are some things you can do with C# that you cannot do with Python yet. Maybe @cgranade has something to say here.

Reviewer: It is true that we have some missing features with respect to the Python host functionality, but both C# and Python can definitely be used to create "hybrid quantum–classical programs." (In fact, Q# on its own can include Turing-complete classical logic without qubit allocation, so it might be good to clarify between classical logic in host programs and classical logic in Q# programs a little bit regardless.)

> - [Q# Jupyter Notebooks:](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.jupyter) this environment is great for writing Q# code with embedded explanations or quantum computing interactive tutorials. Do not choose this environment if you want to combine Q# with an external classical host program.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Install Q# for Jupyter Notebooks:](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.jupyter) this environment is great for writing Q# code with embedded explanations or quantum computing interactive tutorials. Do not choose this environment if you want to combine Q# with an external classical host program.
```

Author: I prefer to introduce the concept "Q# Jupyter Notebooks" instead of "Q# for Jupyter Notebooks". This is because people (including myself) tend to link Jupyter Notebooks with Python Jupyter Notebooks. Writing "Q# for Jupyter Notebooks" leaves the door open to the reader to think that we mean Q# with Python Jupyter Notebooks while "Q# Jupyter Notebooks" leaves clear that the Jupyter Notebooks we are referring here are just for writing the Q# language.
